Pressable with child function and interaction states (#735)
reason-react-native/reason-react-native: src/components/Pressable.md

Pressable is a Core Component wrapper that can detect various stages of press interactions on any of it's defined children.

> ⚠️ Current `Pressable` is deprecated, prefer `Pressable_` with the use of interactionState

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ Current `Pressable` is deprecated, prefer `Pressable_` that offers interaction states (eg: `pressed` state).
```

## Example

> Current Pressable (deprecated)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Current Pressable (deprecated because doesn't provide pressed state).
```
